README.md, before:

Yii 2 Advanced course project
============================

DIRECTORY STRUCTURE
-------------------

      assets/             contains assets definition
      commands/           contains console commands (controllers)
      config/             contains application configurations
      controllers/        contains Web controller classes
      mail/               contains view files for e-mails
      models/             contains model classes
      runtime/            contains files generated during runtime
      tests/              contains various tests for the basic application
      vendor/             contains dependent 3rd-party packages
      views/              contains view files for the Web application
      web/                contains the entry script and Web resources

REQUIREMENTS
------------

The minimum requirement by this project template that your Web server supports PHP 5.4.0.


INSTALLATION
------------

### Install from an Archive File

Extract the archive file downloaded from [yiiframework.com](http://www.yiiframework.com/download/) to
a directory named `basic` that is directly under the Web root.

Set cookie validation key in `config/web.php` file to some random secret string:

```php
'request' => [
    // !!! insert a secret key in the following (if it is empty) - this is required by cookie validation
    'cookieValidationKey' => '<secret random string goes here>',
],
```

You can then access the application through the following URL:

~~~
http://localhost/basic/web/
~~~


### Install via Composer

If you do not have [Composer](http://getcomposer.org/), you may install it by following the instructions
at [getcomposer.org](http://getcomposer.org/doc/00-intro.md#installation-nix).

You can then install this project template using the following command:

~~~
php composer.phar global require "fxp/composer-asset-plugin:~1.0.0"
php composer.phar create-project --prefer-dist --stability=dev yiisoft/yii2-app-basic basic
~~~

Now you should be able to access the application through the following URL, assuming `basic` is the directory
directly under the Web root.

~~~
http://localhost/basic/web/
~~~


CONFIGURATION
-------------

### Database

Edit the file `config/db.php` with real data, for example:

```php
return [
    'class' => 'yii\db\Connection',
    'dsn' => 'mysql:host=localhost;dbname=root',
    'username' => 'root',
    'password' => 'root',
    'charset' => 'utf8',
];
```

**NOTE:** Yii won't create the database for you, this has to be done manually before you can access it.

Also check and edit the other files in the `config/` directory to customize your application.

Commit message:

Add important updates to readme

README.md, after:

Yii 2 Advanced course project
============================

DIRECTORY STRUCTURE
-------------------

      assets/             contains assets definition
      commands/           contains console commands (controllers)
      config/             contains application configurations
      controllers/        contains Web controller classes
      mail/               contains view files for e-mails
      models/             contains model classes
      runtime/            contains files generated during runtime
      tests/              contains various tests for the basic application
      vendor/             contains dependent 3rd-party packages
      views/              contains view files for the Web application
      web/                contains the entry script and Web resources

REQUIREMENTS
------------

The minimum requirement by this project template that your Web server supports PHP 5.4.0.


INSTALLATION
------------

### Install from an Archive File

Extract the archive file downloaded from [yiiframework.com](http://www.yiiframework.com/download/) to
a directory named `basic` that is directly under the Web root.

Set cookie validation key in `config/web.php` file to some random secret string:

```php
'request' => [
    // !!! insert a secret key in the following (if it is empty) - this is required by cookie validation
    'cookieValidationKey' => '<secret random string goes here>',
],
```

You can then access the application through the following URL:

~~~
http://localhost/basic/web/
~~~


### Install via Composer

If you do not have [Composer](http://getcomposer.org/), you may install it by following the instructions
at [getcomposer.org](http://getcomposer.org/doc/00-intro.md#installation-nix).

You can then install this project template using the following command:

~~~
php composer.phar global require "fxp/composer-asset-plugin:~1.0.0"
php composer.phar create-project --prefer-dist --stability=dev yiisoft/yii2-app-basic basic
~~~

Now you should be able to access the application through the following URL, assuming `basic` is the directory
directly under the Web root.

~~~
http://localhost/basic/web/
~~~


CONFIGURATION
-------------

### Database

Edit the file `config/db.php` with real data, for example:

```php
return [
    'class' => 'yii\db\Connection',
    'dsn' => 'mysql:host=localhost;dbname=yii',
    'username' => 'yii',
    'password' => 'yii',
    'charset' => 'utf8',
];
```

**NOTE:** this note is very important do not remove it

Also check and edit the other files in the `config/` directory to customize your application.
